README.md, before:

# Lineman Bootstrap Boilerplate

This package is kind of a starting place for me when I build interactive prototypes and single page apps using Twitter Bootstrap, Backbone, Handlebars, Testem and Lineman. It comes with sample routes, views, and models (so you can see how the plumbing works), and a server that stubs out a simple endpoint to return a list of Animals (so you can see how server side integration with Backbone works).

# Customizations

I've overridden the lineman defaults to provide a better starting place for how I  develop, these include:

1. Custom [Express.JS](http://expressjs.com/) server with stubbed endpoints
2. [Testem](https://github.com/airportyh/testem) for running specs separate from the lineman process: testem -f config/spec.json
3. [Twitter Bootstrap](https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap) with a basic single page app layout and navbar
4. Some default styling and Bootstrap mixins.less, useful for many projects
5. [Backbone](http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/) router, models, collections and views in a way I usually organize things
6. Removal of default coffeescript files that lineman generates; you can still write coffeescript with lineman if you so desire, it's just not where I start :)

# Running the App

1. Clone this repo
2. npm install
3. grunt run

# Running the Specs

1. npm install (if you haven't already)
2. testem -f config/spec.js (runs in phantom if you have it, and chrome)

# Notes

This project relies on [Lineman](https://github.com/testdouble/lineman).

# License

MIT

Commit message:

a fix: push the responsibility for injecting views up to a router and refactor our page abstraction so it does not know about the inject point

README.md, after:

# Zombie Events in Backbone.JS Views

This is the source code for a [screencast](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BH4Cdq3cV44) I did on a quick examination of view level zombie events in Backbone.JS, how they manifest and one solution to help eliminate them. There are 3 commits in this codebase that walk through the steps I go through in the screencast.

# Running the App

1. Clone this repo
2. npm install
3. grunt run

# Other Notes

This project was built with [Lineman](https://github.com/testdouble/lineman) but makes significant modifications to portions of it, including:

1. Custom [Express.JS](http://expressjs.com/) server with stubbed endpoints
2. [Testem](https://github.com/airportyh/testem) for running specs separate from the lineman process: testem -f config/spec.json
3. [Twitter Bootstrap](https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap) with a basic single page app layout and navbar
4. Some default styling and Bootstrap mixins.less, useful for many projects
5. [Backbone](http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/) router, models, collections and views in a way I usually organize things
6. Removal of default coffeescript files that lineman generates; you can still write coffeescript with lineman if you so desire, it's just not where I start :)

If you want a boilerplate project that features this application structure you can generate and customize one yourself with [Lineman](https://github.com/testdouble/lineman) or clone a copy of my [Lineman-Bootstrap-Boilerplate](https://github.com/davemo/lineman-bootstrap-boilerplate).

# License

MIT
